Deploy production ordering service doc (#2080)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/deployment_guide_overview.rst

Creating an ordering node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Note: while it is possible to add additional nodes to an ordering service, only the process for creating an ordering service is covered in these tutorials.

> If you’ve read through the key concept topic on :doc:`orderer/ordering_service`, you should have a good idea of the role the ordering service plays in a network and the nature of its interactions with other network components. The ordering service is responsible for literally “ordering” endorsed transactions into blocks, which it sends to the peers to be written to their ledgers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’ve read through the key concept topic on :doc:`orderer/ordering_service`, you should have a good idea of the role the ordering service plays in a network and the nature of its interactions with other network components. The ordering service is responsible for literally “ordering” endorsed transactions into blocks, which peers will then validate and commit to their ledgers.
```

> These roles are important to understand before you create an ordering service, as it will influence your customization and deployment decisions. Among the chief differences between a peer and ordering service is that in a production network, multiple ordering nodes work together to form the “ordering service” of a channel. This creates a series of important decisions that need to be made at both the node level and at the cluster level. Some of these cluster decisions are not made in the ``orderer.yaml`` file but instead in the ``configtx.yaml`` file that is used to generate the genesis block for the system channel (which is used to bootstrap ordering nodes), and also used to generate the genesis block of application channels. For a look at the various decisions you will need to make, check out :doc:`deployorderer/ordererplan`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These roles are important to understand before you create an ordering service, as it will influence your customization and deployment decisions. Among the chief differences between a peer and ordering service is that in a production network, multiple ordering nodes work together to form the “ordering service” of a channel. This creates a series of important decisions that need to be made at both the node level and at the cluster level. Some of these cluster decisions are not made in individual orderer node ``orderer.yaml`` files, but instead in the ``configtx.yaml`` file that is used to generate the genesis block for the system channel (which is used to bootstrap ordering nodes), and also used to generate the genesis block of application channels. For a look at the various decisions you will need to make, check out :doc:`deployorderer/ordererplan`.
```

Creating an ordering node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Note: while it is possible to add additional nodes to an ordering service, only the process for creating an ordering service is covered in these tutorials.

If you’ve read through the key concept topic on :doc:`orderer/ordering_service`, you should have a good idea of the role the ordering service plays in a network and the nature of its interactions with other network components. The ordering service is responsible for literally “ordering” endorsed transactions into blocks, which it sends to the peers to be written to their ledgers.

> These roles are important to understand before you create an ordering service, as it will influence your customization and deployment decisions. Among the chief differences between a peer and ordering service is that in a production network, multiple ordering nodes work together to form the “ordering service” of a channel. This creates a series of important decisions that need to be made at both the node level and at the cluster level. Some of these cluster decisions are not made in the ``orderer.yaml`` file but instead in the ``configtx.yaml`` file that is used to create the genesis block for the channel (this genesis block is used to bootstrap ordering nodes). For a look at the various decisions you will need to make, check out :doc:`deployorderer/ordererplan`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These roles are important to understand before you create an ordering service, as it will influence your customization and deployment decisions. Among the chief differences between a peer and ordering service is that in a production network, multiple ordering nodes work together to form the “ordering service” of a channel. This creates a series of important decisions that need to be made at both the node level and at the cluster level. Some of these cluster decisions are not made in the ``orderer.yaml`` file but instead in the ``configtx.yaml`` file that is used to generate the genesis block for the system channel (which is used to bootstrap ordering nodes), and also used to generate application channel create transactions. For a look at the various decisions you will need to make, check out :doc:`deployorderer/ordererplan`.
```

Author: I didn't use "Application channel create transactions" but instead "and also used to generate the genesis block of application channels".

This configuration file is bundled with the orderer image and is also included with the downloadable binaries. For information about how to download the production ``orderer.yaml`` along with the orderer image, check out :doc:`deployorderer/ordererdeploy`.

While there are many parameters in the default ``orderer.yaml``, you will only need to customize a small percentage of them. In general, if you do not have the need to change a tuning value, keep the default value.

Among the parameters in ``orderer.yaml``, there are:

* **Identifiers**: these include not just the paths to the relevant local MSP and Transport Layer Security (TLS) certificates, but also the MSP ID of the organization that owns the ordering node.

* **Addresses and paths**: because ordering nodes interact with other components, you must specify a series of addresses in the configuration. These include addresses where the ordering node itself can be found by other components as well as **Operations and metrics**, which allow you to set up methods for monitoring the health and performance of your ordering node through the configuration of endpoints.

> * **Gossip**: components in Fabric networks communicate with each other using the "gossip" protocol. Through this protocol, they can be discovered by the discovery service and disseminate blocks and private data to each other. Note that gossip communications are secured using TLS.

Reviewer: Remove - orderers do not use gossip and there is nothing related to gossip in orderer.yaml.
